# LabExamManager

        The Learning Management System or popularly known as LMS in the community of higher institutions is an online portal that connects lecturers and students.Time pressures often necessitate the use of more efficient exam tools, such as electronic exams (e-exams), instead of traditional paper exams. However, teachers may face challenges when introducing e-exams, e-tasks conduction in a higher education context. This project discusses about e-exam and e-tasks conduction (lab test and task management system) and its features and help out lectures and students to interact in better way without any problems.
        The project uses Django as backbone pillar as, Django is a collection of Python libs allowing you to quickly and efficiently create a quality Web application, and is suitable for both frontend and backend.
        As the student number is large, distributing and correcting papers is a major limitation in traditional method of learning. This project not only reduces the time needed to mark exams but also widens the variety of methods available for assessment compared to traditional pen and paper exams. Students also feel that e-assessment improves their learning. In addition, technology enables teachers to better monitor group interactions on-line as well as in the classroom.
	      The main aim of this project is to provide the free, interactive, flexible, secure approach of laboratory test and task management system to lectures as well as to students. As most of LMS available in market are licensed, and moreover cannot be scalable to our requirements, but our project is mainly designed to re-construct to the needs of student and teacher.
        Secure electronic exams are one of the most difficult challenges in e-learning security. Here, project majorly, runs based on authentication, and also even if students are prone to leave during exam and re-attempt, is not allowed because it requires admin or teacher permission to start again.
Overall we conclude that this paper will provide several insights of the lab test and task management system phenomenon.
